method--> reusable block with a name

1. we can create a method before or after main method
2. method must be always inside a class
3. outside the class we can specify only package and import statements
4. we cant write method inside another method (nested method-not allowed)
5. we can call a method inside another method
6. unless we call the method, it will not be executed
7. we can call a method any number of times
8. method contains --> method definition 
	1. header--> declaration
	2. body---> implementation
9. in java there are 2 types method	
	1. static method---> we call it using class name	
	2. non-static method--> we call it using object name
10. 'return' is one of the jumping statements it will transfer the control back to the caller
11. writing return is not mandatory, if we dont write it compiler will add it
12. do not write any executable code after return statement
13. if we try to write any code below return statement we get 'unreachable code' error
14. method can accept input -> using method argument
15. method argument is specified in method header after the method name, within ()
16. a method may or may not take any argument, multiple arguments are defined using ,
17. for every argument we must specify its data type
18. while calling the method we must send the data---> parameter
19. parameter can be a variable or a value
20. but argument must be always a variable
21. while calling the method number of parameter, data type and order should match with method arguments
22. there is no optional argument (all arguments are mandatory)
23. method signature--> number of arg, data type arg and order of the arg
24. in method declaration(header) before method name we should specify the return type
24. if the return type is void--> it indicates that method will not return any value
24. if the return type is void--> then at the end we should write 'return;' --> empty return statement
25. writing empty return statement is not mandatory, if we dont write it, compiler will write it for us
25. if return type is other than void then compiler will not write return statement, we must write it
26. we cant write multiple return statement with in the same block
27. to return multiple values from a method , use array/collections

what is meaning of void in main method?
it indicates the return type of main method, it means main method will not return any value to the caller ---> JVM














